Readme.md, before:

# PokerPad

## Synopsis
PokerPad is a hotkey software for Party Poker, iPoker, Sky Poker, 888 and SwC Poker. It allows linking keyboard keys (or mouse/joypad buttons) to specific actions on the Poker client. For example, a user can link F2 to the action "bet 3/4 of the pot".

The current development is focused on cash games. Your mileage may vary with SNG and Tournaments.

## Download
Go to: https://github.com/karimb/PokerPad/tags  
and download the zip file of the latest release (at the top on github) then unzip the file anywhere on your hard drive.

## Installation
There are two equivalent ways of installing PokerPad:

1. Run the file PokerPad.exe
2. Download AutoHotkey 1.1 from https://autohotkey.com/download/  
Once AutoHotkey is installed, simply run PokerPad.ahk

## Manual
A slightly outdated quick start guide can be read at: https://github.com/karimb/PokerPad/wiki/Quick-Start-Guide

Note that, in order to work with iPoker, the chat window of the iPoker client neeeds to be maximised. Also make sure the Widget Bar is NOT activated (Settings > Widgets > Show Widget Bar unticked).  

## Credit and Support
PokerPad was originally developed by Xander. The current maintainer is github's karimb.

Issues can be reported through github at: https://github.com/karimb/PokerPad/issues  
or by emailing Karim at: karim (at) eml (dot) cc

Commit message:

Party Poker removed from list of supported rooms

Readme.md, after:

# PokerPad

## Synopsis
PokerPad is a hotkey software for iPoker, Sky Poker, 888 and SwC Poker. It allows linking keyboard keys (or mouse/joypad buttons) to specific actions on the Poker client. For example, a user can link F2 to the action "bet 3/4 of the pot".

The current development is focused on cash games. Your mileage may vary with SNG and Tournaments.

## Download
Go to: https://github.com/karimb/PokerPad/tags  
and download the zip file of the latest release (at the top on github) then unzip the file anywhere on your hard drive.

## Installation
There are two equivalent ways of installing PokerPad:

1. Run the file PokerPad.exe
2. Download AutoHotkey 1.1 from https://autohotkey.com/download/  
Once AutoHotkey is installed, simply run PokerPad.ahk

## Manual
A slightly outdated quick start guide can be read at: https://github.com/karimb/PokerPad/wiki/Quick-Start-Guide

Note that, in order to work with iPoker, the chat window of the iPoker client neeeds to be maximised. Also make sure the Widget Bar is NOT activated (Settings > Widgets > Show Widget Bar unticked).  

## Credit and Support
PokerPad was originally developed by Xander. There is no official passing of the baton, but the only known regular maintainer is github's karimb.

Issues can be reported through github at: https://github.com/karimb/PokerPad/issues
